 “I’m Batman.” – Bruce Wayne/Batman, Batman Begins 
“The night is darkest just before the dawn. And I promise you, the dawn is coming.” – Harvey Dent, The Dark Knight 
JOKER
JOKER
JOKER
JOKER
JOKER
JOKER
JOKER
JOKER
JOKER
JOKER
JOKER
JOKER
JOKER
JOKER
 “I believe what doesn’t kill you simply makes you, stranger.” – The Joker, The Dark Knight 

 “Endure, Master Wayne. Take it. They’ll hate you for it, but that’s the point of Batman, he can be the outcast. He can make the choice that no one else can make, the right choice.” – Alfred Pennyworth, The Dark Knight 

 “Your anger gives you great power. But if you let it, it will destroy you… As it almost did me.” – Henri Ducard, Batman Begins

 “You either die a hero or live long enough to see yourself become the villain.” – Harvey Dent, The Dark Knight 

 “If you’re good at something, never do it for free.” – The Joker, The Dark Knight 

 “Have you ever danced with the Devil in the pale moonlight?” – The Joker, Batman 

“Swear to me!” – Bruce Wayne/Batman, Batman Begins 

 “If you make yourself more than just a man, if you devote yourself to an ideal, and if they can’t stop you, then you become something else entirely… Legend, Mr. Wayne.” – Henri Ducard, Batman Begins


 “It’s not who I am underneath, but what I do that defines me. ” – Bruce Wayne/Batman, Batman Begins 

 “The world only makes sense if you force it to.” – Bruce Wayne/Batman, The Dark Knight Returns 
 “Some men just want to watch the world burn.” – Alfred Pennyworth, The Dark Knight 

DC

“Yes, father. I shall become a bat.” – Bruce Wayne/Batman, Batman: Year One 

 “Good grammar is essential, Robin.” – Bruce Wayne/Batman, Batman  

 “He’s the hero Gotham deserves, but not the one it needs right now.” – Commissioner Gordon, The Dark Knight 

 “Criminals, by nature, are a cowardly and superstitious lot.” – Bruce Wayne/Batman, Batman: Hush 

 “Let the games begin!” – Bane, The Dark Knight Rises 

 “Holy rusted metal, Batman!” – Dick Grayson/ Robin, Batman Forever 

 “I am vengeance. I am the night. I am Batman.” -Bruce Wayne/Batman, Batman: Mask of the Phantasm 

 “Sometimes the truth isn’t good enough, sometimes people deserve more. Sometimes people deserve to have their faith rewarded.” – Bruce Wayne/Batman, The Dark Knight 

 “You’re harder to kill than a cockroach on steroids!” – The Joker, Batman: Mask of the Phantasm

 “You’re not taking me to the cooler!” – Mr. Freeze, Batman & Robin 

 “That’s one trouble with dual identities, Robin. Dual responsibilities.” – Bruce Wayne/Batman, Batman  


 “I’m not going to kill you. I want you to do me a favor. I want you to tell all your friends about me.” – Bruce Wayne/Batman, Batman 

 “All it takes is one bad day to reduce the sanest man alive to lunacy. That’s how far the world is from where I am. Just one bad day.” – The Joker, The Killing Joke 

 “Rubber lips are immune to your charms.” – Dick Grayson/Robin,  Batman & Robin 

 “How can two people hate so much without knowing each other?” – Alan Moore, The Killing Joke 

 “As a man; I am flesh and blood; I can be ignored, I can be destroyed. But as a symbol, I can be incorruptible. I can be everlasting.” – Bruce Wayne, Batman Begins 

 “Life’s a bitch. So am I.” – Selina Kyle/Catwoman, Batman Returns 

 “The training is nothing! The will is everything! The will to act.” – Henri Ducard, Batman Begins 

 “Not you, Robin. They have strict licensing laws in this country. A boy of your age is not allowed in a drinking tavern.” Bruce Wayne/Batman, Batman  

 “Madness, as you know, is a lot like gravity. All it takes is a little push.” – The Joker, The Dark Knight 

 “What killed the dinosaurs? The ice age!” – Mr. Freeze, Batman & Robin 

 “We all wear masks.” -Bruce Wayne/Batman, Batman Forever 

 “I have given a name to my pain, and it is Batman.” – The Joker, Batman 

 “You can’t be too careful with all those weirdos running around!” – The Joker, Batman: Mask of the Phantasm 

 “The true crimefighter always carries everything he needs in his utility belt, Robin.” – Bruce Wayne/Batman, Batman  

 “If I have to have a past, then I prefer it to be multiple choice.” – The Joker, The Killing Joke 

 “She wants to kill you, Dick.” – Bruce Wayne/Batman, Batman & Robin 

 “Do you wanna know how I got these scars?” – The Joker, The Dark Knight 


 “You wanna get nuts? Come on! Let’s get nuts!” – Bruce Wayne/ Batman, Batman 

 “Batman punches people in the face.” – Bruce Wayne/Batman, Batman comics
“About the whole no guns thing…I’m not sure I feel as strongly about it as you do.” – Selina Kyle/Catwoman, The Dark Knight Rises 

 “Maybe that’s what Batman is about. Not winning, but failing, and getting back up. Knowing he’ll fail, fail a thousand times, but still won’t give up.” – Bruce Wayne/Batman, Zero Year 

 “No miracles. No mercy. No redemption. No heaven. No hell. No Higher Power. Just life, just…us.” – Bruce Wayne/Batman, Batman: Absolution 

 “You’ve gotta admit, I’ve played this stinking city, like a harp from hell!” – The Penguin/Oswald Cobblepot, Batman Returns 

 “I don’t blend in at a family picnic.” – Bruce Wayne/Batman, Batman Forever 

 “I’m a lover not a fighter!” – Poison Ivy, Batman & Robin 

 “I am Catwoman. Hear me roar.” – Selina Kyle/Catwoman, Batman Returns 
 “You think darkness is your ally.” – Bane, The Dark Knight Rises 

 “Joygasm!” – The Riddler, Batman Forever 

 “It is the duty of every good citizen of Gotham City to report meeting a man from Mars in a public park.” – Bruce Wayne/Batman, Batman  

 “Let’s kick some ICE!” – Mr. Freeze, Batman & Robin 

 “The pen is truly mightier than the sword!” – The Joker, Batman

 “You’re a real nice girl, and I like you a lot, but right now—shut up!” – Bruce Wayne/Batman, Batman 

 “I see without seeing. To me, darkness is as clear as daylight. What am I?” – Bruce Wayne/Batman, Batman Forever 

A hero can be anyone. Even a man doing something as simple and reassuring as putting a coat around a little boy’s shoulders to let him know that the world hadn’t ended.” – Bruce Wayne/Batman, The Dark Knight Rises 

 “Riddle me this, riddle me that, who’s afraid of the big black bat?” – The Riddler, Batman Forever 

 “Madness is the emergency exit. You can just step outside, and close the door on all those dreadful things that happened. You can lock them away…forever.” – The Joker, The Killing Joke 
 “Grr, monkey work!” – Bane, Batman & Robin 
 “Come on, I want you to do it, I want you to do it. Come on, hit me. Hit me!” – The Joker, The Dark Knight 
 “Never leave the cave without it!” – Batman, Batman & Robin 
The bat-signal is not a beeper.” – Bruce Wayne/Batman, Batman Forever 

 “Let that be a lesson. In the future, be more careful from who you accept free lemonade.”- Bruce Wayne/Batman, Batman  

 “For once I’m stuck without a punchline.” – The Joker, Batman: Mask of the Phantasm 

2021

 “I’m still here.” – Bane, Batman comics

 “A reporter’s lot is not easy, making exciting stories out of plain, average, ordinary people like Robin and me.” – Bruce Wayne/Batman, Batman  

 “It’s obvious. Only a criminal would disguise himself as a licensed, bonded guard yet callously park in front of a fire hydrant.” – Bruce Wayne/Batman, Batman  

 “I’m the goddamn Batman” – Bruce Wayne/Batman, All-Star Batman and Robin 


 “All you care about is money. This city deserves a better class of criminal. And I’m gonna give it to them!” – The Joker, The Dark Knight 

 “Meow.” – Selina Kyle/Catwoman, Batman Returns 

 “You’re about to become compost.” – Barbara Gordon/Batgirl, Batman & Robin

 “All men have limits. They learn what they are and learn not to exceed them. I ignore mine.” – Bruce Wayne/Batman, Knightfall 

 “I never said thank you.”… “And you’ll never have to.” – Commissioner Gordon and Bruce Wayne/Batman, Batman Begins 